RED
One crewmate is dead.
Another is willfully accused.
Feels like a storm should hit.
Yeah.
Shame there's no weather
in space.
Word.
Cyan. our fellow crewmate.
hath perished.
They would have preferred
"friend."
to be alive.
- The accused hath--
-Why are you talking
so weird?
- Can you let me just--
- Yeah. but I just don't
understand why you would say it
- like that. We're trying
to do something serious here.
- I'm speaking the correct way.
- This is the way
it's supposed to be done.
- You're just goofing around!
Order in the cafeteria!
We owe Cyan justice.
Thank you. Black.
Let's reset.
Now it is up to me
to remind you that. uh...
Uh. wait.
Hold on a second. Uh-huh.
All votes require
crew participation.
The crewmate with the most votes
will be ejected
into the icy infinity of space.
Via the garbage chute.
Stupid MIRA
couldn't even provide
the dignity of a damn airlock.
Not union-approved.
Well. even your "union"
wasn't able to weasel
their way out of this one.
So. death by trash hole.
Luckily. it's an open-and-shut
case.
Yeah. Definitely Black.
-What?
-Yellow.
it's obviously you.
-What?!
-Uh-oh.
The evidence is overwhelming.
You were
the last crewmate with Cyan
and the only crewmate
in Electrical
with the opportunity to kill.
What's more. everyone else
on the ship was fixing oxygen.
together.
Yellow alone has no alibi.
Not true. Black was also alone.
Plus. Black hated Cyan. Motive.
I was nowhere near Electrical.
And in my defense.
I hate everybody.
Okay!
Let's take a vote. Guilty or--
Not so fast.
Of course. There's always one.
One other crewmate was alone.
Red.
You.
Is this really necessary?
Yes!
Blueprints!
- The blueprints!
-See here?
A killer could have vented
into Electrical.
murdered Cyan.
vented out of the room
and left Yellow to discover
Cyan's dead body.
Uh. uh. b-but only Lime
could vent.
That's right.
Which leads me to my theory.
What if aliens can vent
through the ship
because they don't have a bone?
That is gross.
That's why the scan from earlier
didn't have a bone.
It must have been Orange's scan!
And there's still
a missing scan.
Wait a minute.
That means Black wouldn't need
to be anywhere near Electrical
to kill Cyan!
What a load of malarkey.
It's possible.
But not very probable.
Think about it-- when Orange's
body was launched into space.
it was gooey.
Almost like
it didn't have a bone.
So now you're telling me
aliens are all amazing at limbo.
No. I-I'm telling you
there was a killer!
Given that there's been
more kills.
it stands to reason that
another alien is on this ship.
And if it's at all like Orange.
it could look
like any one of us.
Hmm.
Wait a minute.
How come nobody ever looks
at this smiling idiot?
Worm-kissing bumpkin.
Uh. you think I'm the killer?
It can't be Green.
They were with me and Brown
in Oxygen the whole time.
Enough with the "they said.
they said."
Where are you going?
A so-called second alien
would have to vent
into Electrical. right?
You think it's me. Let's try it.
What are you--
G-Get out of there.
Ugh. it feels like putting on
a wet pair of jeans.
Black. your bits
are going to plug up
an already persnickety vent.
See? I don't fit.
There's no way
I could have killed Cyan.
What did I tell you? Red.
maybe you ought
to get in there next.
Now. why would I do that?
You were alone. Red.
Just prove your innocence.
Get in the vent.
Bad security.
even worse gumshoe.
-Ow. ow. ow. ow. ow!
-Gimme a break.
You're just like Orange--
more concerned with protocol
than crew safety.
And Orange was a freakin' alien!
I'm nothing like Orange.
I saved the crew.
I fixed the reactor.
-Ten-out-of-ten kick.
Cap'n.
-Thank you.
Maybe aliens can vent.
Yes. And right now.
you're looking
mighty suspect. Red.
Prove me wrong. Get in the vent!
This is mutinous.
You're not the boss of me.
I'm the boss of me!
I'm the captain!
-Just do it. Red.
What are you afraid of?
-Come on.
-Get in the vent.
-Yeah. come on.
What are you afraid of?
-Prove your innocence!
-Go ahead. Be brave.
I think you should do it.
"M." "M." "mutiny."
What do you have there?
- What are you--
-Uh. nothing. Leave me--
Give it to me!
-No. put me down!
I order you to!
No!
Mm. "Rule number five:
soften tough blows
with a crew-wide pizza party"?
"Rule number 987:
use an authoritative
old-timey voice during trials"?
What's this little
bookmarked one?
No!
Uh. no. no. no.
Don't look at that one. Please!
"Rule number 214:
"aliens are real
and they like to kill"?!
You needed a bookmark
to remember that?!
Not chill.
I was...
Y-Y-You are...
Heracles could have been saved!
Blue could have been saved.
And Cyan and...
I-I just didn't want
anyone to panic.
It's no biggie.
This taught you "no biggie"?!
Give me some of him!
Purple.
I'm not your enemy!
You knew there were aliens
the whole time.
and you didn't tell us!
I was trying to protect you!
Half the crew is dead!
The-the handbook
is supposed to--
To what? Murder us all?
No! I just consult it sometimes
because...
I don't know
what I'm doing. okay?!
See? Do you see?
This is everything
I've been saying!
This proves nothing.
Red. if you lied about this.
it only stands to reason that
you lied about everything else.
Then it also stands to reason
that if you went
through my stuff.
then it's only fair that we go
through everyone else's.
Backpack check. Backpack check.
Backpack check.
Absolutely not.
Okay!
Have you been stealing
pizza crusts?
Oh. Green.
Who does that?
But you. uh...
Um. well. I'm happy
to be frisked. too!
Whatever.
I have nothing to hide.
Oh. Oh. wow.
-Are those cobwebs?
-How do you get them
to stay in there?
See? Only thing I'm guilty of
is being cooler
than the rest of you.
Oof! Hey!
Happy now?
For innocence.
Hmm. Well. well. well.
Holy smoking gun.
The missing scan.
And it has no bone!
-Hmm?
Can't be.
-What's happening?
Yellow has been hiding evidence.
What? No! That's not right!
Uh. somebody must've
planted it here.
Listen. I don't have
the stomachs for murder.
It's just a piece of paper.
Why would I keep that
in my backpack?
That's crazy!
You got to believe me!
I-- You-you gotta.
Hello? Folks!
I'm innocent!
You know I wouldn't do this.
Right?
Black? Purple?
Green?
Brown?
I...
I don't know.
Let's vote.
No. It's increw-mane.
This is the system.
Change it.
This is our job.
These aren't just my rules.
These are the rules of MIRA.
Raise your hand if you think
Yellow is guilty.
Abstain.
I vote Yellow.
Scans don't just appear.
Yellow.
Liars always lie. Red.
Obviously. I also vote Red.
Geez. Uh. but this is...
But I'm the unpaid intern.
And with no pizza break?
Anyone else hot? Ha.
Well. um. I guess. uh...
Oh.
R... Yellow.
I vote Yellow.
But I-I-I abstained.
Vote is three-two.
Against Yellow.
It just has to be done.
Come on. Yellow.
Don't touch me.
I'll do it myself.
You're the better half
of my brain
and the best chef I know.
Even if you were wrong
about the flaky salt.
I never even tried it.
Give it a shot sometime.
Trust me.
Love you. buddy.
It's been an honor.
Mm.
Yellow's gonna turn
any minute now.
Hmm.
Uh...
Now?
Okay.
How 'bout... now?
How 'bout now?
Okay. Now?
Now...?
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org
Keybot. Keybot. Keybot. Keybot.
Chirp.